Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/tutorials/Data_Analysis.rst

4. Find and Highlight *Weighted Variable Sum* and click *Do Time Query*.
5. Options for changing the *Starting timestep*, *Ending timestep* and *Stride* will be available.

>   * Note that these are 0-origin time-state indices and not cycles or times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Note that these are zero-origin timestate indices and not cycles or times.
```
